a guy makes 30 million dollars to throw
a football and school teachers barely
make thirty thousand it's insane
actually I'm one of the few people that
thinks teachers are overpaid
features deserve more money they really
do I tried to talk to a teacher about
this but instead I spoke to a
grotesquely well-paid quarterback i'm
here with meg Ryan Matt Ryan I'm sorry
common misconception Matt your contract
with the Falcons was worth approximately
six times more than my contract was with
DreamWorks and yet you would never
written a sitcom episode in your life
isn't that unfair it seems a bit unfair
but in my opinion you need to get better
agents that's what they're paid to do so
so you think I should get rid of my
agent are you thinking maybes it comes
after your careers I think so you know
I've been practicing my writing at night
when I'm not looking at the playbook
your first NFL pass went for a touchdown
now wasn't that a big mistake as far as
expectations are concerned at the time I
thought it was a great thing to throw
that first pass and have it go for a
touchdown but then you know week after
week you're getting the questions in the
interviews how come you didn't throw a
touchdown on your first pass of this
game how come you didn't throw a
touchdown on the first pass of that game
and so if you had to do it again you
would have overthrown it yeah I probably
waited until like the third or fourth
series something like that or maybe the
third or fourth week a couple weeks off
from from throwing a touchdown you
definitely set that standard very low
well as a rookie mistake it definitely
was one of many I made you are dating a
boston college basketball player correct
are you trying to eventually breathe
some master athletic race ironically
enough it wasn't crossing my mind when i
when i first started dating her you
liked her without even thinking that she
was a basketball player yeah it's funny
how that works and I hope she likes me
for not being a football player too what
do they are probably not good could you
believe that girls still like to go for
the quarterback yeah it is amazing but
you know I'm just trying to ride that
wave as long as I can wouldn't it be
smarter to date a non-athlete so if your
kids turn out to be spastics you'll have
somebody to blame yeah I guess I didn't
think of that when I first started
dating her another rookie mistake
another rookie mistake one of many
I said I gotta say it's a little
disappointing sorry can you believe that
like Harvard has a cheerleading squad
who's getting into Harvard and wants to
be a cheerleader they must be slacking
on their academic standards these days i
think the everest get any of the
cheerleaders you know have you ever
heard of the women's movement I never
discuss women's live with with our
cheerleaders at bc that's the first
really smart move yeah who's this uh I
don't know who is who is that Joe Namath
doesn't really look like Joe okay who's
this pretend I'm fading back I have no
idea Johnny Unitas Johnny you need to
work on them need to work on the
impersonations how many times did you
change your locks the it there in your
wiki here if we played good leave the
locks if we lost got to change a lot and
you were what last year 11 and 5 11 and
5 and 5 i'm there were only five lock
changes 11 and 5 yeah but you must
really feel like how I feel ok Matt
trust me just just stick with cats get a
cat get a parakeet fine fun yeah turtles
any freight